docker-compose local dev env with live reload (#106)
fastai/fastpages: README.md

### Basic usage: viewing your blog

All of the commands in this block assume that you're in your blog root directory.
To run the blog with live preview:

```bash
docker-compose up
```

When you run this command for the first time, it'll build the required Docker images, and the process might take a couple minutes.

This command will build all the necessary containers and run the following services:
1. A service that monitors any changes in `./_notebooks/*.ipynb/` and `./_word/*.docx;*.doc` and rebuild the blog on change.
2. A Jupyter Notebook that will run on https://127.0.0.1:8888 — use this to write and edit your posts.
3. A Jekyll server on `https://127.0.0.1:4000` — use this to preview your blog.

The services will output to your terminal. If you close the terminal or hit `Ctrl-C`, the services will stop. 
If you want to run the services in the background:

```bash
# run all services in the background
docker-compose up -d 

# stop the services
docker-compose down
```

If you need to restart just the Jekyll server, and it's running in the background — you can do `docker-compose restart jekyll`.

> _Note that the blog won't autoreload on change, you'll have to hit refresh manually._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note that the blog won't autoreload on change, you'll have to refresh your browser manually._
```
Only b/c I was confused what kind refresh was being referred to
